Changed v2 to v1 APi (#37)
demisto/demisto-py: CHANGELOG.md

[PyPI History][1]

[1]: https://pypi.org/project/demisto-py/#history

## 2.0.12

> * Fixed a bug int the `import_layout` method where the API endpoint was not working as planned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the `import_layout` method where an API endpoint was not working as planned.
```
